Add BEGINNER/ADVANCED structure (#3)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc2: docs/README.md

[WIP]

This is Wasabi Wallet 2.0's open source documentation. 

> Even though we have tried to make our new software UI as intuitive as possible, we should still describe the functions of our wallet and explain the magic under the hood, so users can make better decisions regarding their financial privacy.

Reviewer: software's

> Even though we have tried to make our new software UI as intuitive as possible, we should still describe the functions of our wallet and explain the magic under the hood, so users can make better decisions regarding their financial privacy.

Reviewer: - possession
- Don't use the word "new", it makes it obsolate fast

```suggestion
Even though we have tried to make our software's UI as intuitive as possible, we should still describe the functions of our wallet and explain the magic under the hood, so users can make better decisions regarding their financial privacy.

```

Author: What do you mean by "possession"?
